Add README to propagators/aws/xray (#2321)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: propagators/aws/xray/README.MD

# AWS X-Ray Propagator/IDGenerator

> This package contains an AWS x-ray compatible propagator along

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains an AWS X-Ray compatible propagator along
```

Carry throughout.

> This package contains an AWS X-Ray compatible propagator along
> with an x-ray compatible IDGenerator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package contains an AWS X-Ray compatible `TextMapPropagator` and `IDGenerator`.
```

> ## `traceIdRatioSampler` and `x-ray IDGenerator` compatability

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## `traceIdRatioSampler` and `x-ray IDGenerator` compatibility
```

It is a general suggestion to `NOT` use the `traceIDRatioSampler` while also

> using the `x-ray IDGenerator`. The non random nature of building an x-ray traceId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `x-ray IDGenerator`. The non-random nature of building an x-ray traceId
```

> may lead to unexpected sampling results.

Reviewer 3: How about adding a `Usage` section?

Author: I think a `usage` section would be useful but also don't want to hold back this PR as I may not have time to get to it immediately. I believe adding the warning for the incompatibilities between sampler/generator warrant this going through. If desired, I can open an issue to expand the README with a usage section.

> may lead to inconsistent sampling results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may lead to unexpected sampling results.
```

```suggestion
may lead to overly consistent sampling results.
```

???
